Modularize cloning section (#4060)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_cloning-project-server.adoc

[id="cloning_{project-context}_server"]
= Cloning {ProjectServer}

You can clone your {ProjectServer} to create instances to test upgrades and migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.
This is an optional step to provide more flexibility during the upgrade or migration.

You cannot use the {Project} clone tool on a {SmartProxyServer}.
Instead, you must backup the existing {SmartProxyServer}, restore it on the target server, and then reconfigure {SmartProxyServer}.

Note that because of the high volume of data that you must copy and transfer as part of these procedures, it can take a significant amount of time to complete.

[NOTE]
====
If you create a new instance of the {ProjectServer}, decommission the old instances after restoring the backup.
Cloned instances are not supposed to run in parallel in a production environment.
====

.Terminology
Ensure that you understand the following terms:

> 

Author: Agreed! Rephrased, could you take a look?

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> [id="cloning_{project-context}_server"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="cloning-{project-context}-server"]
```

= Cloning {ProjectServer}

You can clone your {ProjectServer} to create instances to test upgrades and migration of instances to a different machine or operating system.
This is an optional step to provide more flexibility during the upgrade or migration.

You cannot use the {Project} clone tool on a {SmartProxyServer}.
Instead, you must backup the existing {SmartProxyServer}, restore it on the target server, and then reconfigure {SmartProxyServer}.

> Note that because of the high volume of data that you must copy and transfer as part of these procedures, it can take a significant amount of time to complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that because of the high volume of data that you must copy and transfer as part of the cloning process, it can take a significant amount of time to complete.
```
Avoid "procedures".
